## 4.4.1 - **Error guessing**

- Error guessing is a technique used to anticipate the occurrence of errors, defects, and failures, based on the tester’s knowledge, including:

- [x] How the application has worked in the past
- [x] What kind of errors tend to be made
- [x] Failures that have occurred in other applications

- A methodical approach to the error guessing technique is to create a list of possible errors, defects, and failures, and design tests that will expose those failures and the defects that caused them.

___
## 4.4.1 - **Exploratory testing**

- In exploratory testing, informal (not pre-defined) tests are designed, executed, logged, and evaluated
dynamically during test execution. The test results are used to learn more about the component or
system, and to create tests for the areas that may need more testing. 

- Exploratory testing is most useful when there are few or inadequate specifications or significant time
pressure on testing or to complement other more formal testing
techniques.  

In practice, can incorporate the use of other techniques:

1.  black-box
2.  white-box
3.  experience-based.
___
## 4.4.1 - **Checklist-based**

- In checklist-based testing, testers design, implement, and execute tests to cover test conditions found in a checklist.

- Such checklists can be built based on experience, knowledge about what is important for the user, or an understanding of why and how software fails. 

- Checklists can be created to support various test types, including functional and non-functional testing. In the absence of detailed test cases, checklist-based testing can provide guidelines and a degree of consistency. 